
I'm Mark Korotinsky, currently a phd candidate in industrial/organizational and business psychology. It's a pleasure introduce to myself as the co founder of business psychology consulting group. 

As an accomplished management consultant with strategic planning and project management proficiency, my professional career includes extensive experience in leading organizational assessment, development, and effectiveness initiatives across various industries. Additionally, I've designed and created various talent development systems focused performance management, career pathing, leadership development, succession planning, training, organizational culture, and coaching. 

As a people and operations expert, I champion and guide organizations through successful change management that fosters a collaborative culture, enhances operational systems, and leads to lasting improved business performance

Part of our philosophy at BPCG is to utilize and apply industrial/organizational psychology principles in combination with analytical and synthetic thinking to solve your complex business and organizational challenges.

Our psychological background and grounding in empirical evidence enables us to assess organizational behaviors, people, and policies to determine how to maximize employee productivity, satisfaction, and engagement.

We employ analytical thinking to break your business and organizational challenges into their respective parts. We use this to understand how to improve and correct processes and workflows. 

Synchronously, we use synthetic thinking to understand the relationships and interactions between your systems, your people, your strategy, and your business challenges. 

Combined, this methodology allows us to use a psychological, analytical, and holistic approach to create interventions that target the root cause of your business and organizational challenges. 

We're excited to bring the latest research in industrial/organizational and business psychology to the workplace. We'd love to have you be part our journey as we revolutionize workforce and improve business performance by tapping into the human factors that enable organizations and their people to achieve their true potential. 

We're thrilled to have you join us. 


