I’m Zac Henson

Member of 2015 PhD cohort at The Chicago School pf Professional Psychology-Los Angeles Campus

I have been a practicing CEO in two organizations, the most recent a Fortune 500 company

I bring real world implementation to theory based technology to assist and organization achieve a higher level of performance.

If your organization needs change, we are the solution.

 Business Psychology Consulting Group grew out of The Chicago School of Professional Psychology. We are motivated to assist organizations by employing the psychological tools that have previously been limited to the large consulting organizations using best practice tools and techniques. 

We are research-based, evidence-based approaches that assist both for profit and non-profit organizations with research based methodology that was previously limited to big companies doing business with big companies.

We adopt a philosophy of determining who is the customer and what is the business.

My expertise in shared leadership is determining the antecedents of significant effect over a shared leadership measure that then interprets behavioral data to the next level. This higher level of thinking implements a measure that will provide the consultant a predictive tool that alerts the respondent to character behaviors when regressed over predictor variables and providing a high performing team.

I believe in many business practices a hierarchical structure is not as effective as putting the authority and responsibility at the lowest competent level. What does that mean for the organization?

More effective performance with fewer members required for a specific task translates to fewer bosses and higher performing teams.

This is a futuristic and proven technique that stems from new breakthrough research and departs from cultural values that are no longer as effective in our diverse society.

Whether you needs are growing pains or profitability effectiveness, we can design a work plan that will effect change in your organization while still respecting you company ‘s culture and legacy.


Peter Drucker, a former management professor of mine, used to say, “The best way to predict the future is to create it.” If you are curious about how this might look in your business, I encourage you to contact me about creating that future together at your organization.

Thanks for watching and best of luck to you and your business.

